How to convert and add kinematics to your model so you can use it in METaL:

Step 1: Simplify your assembly
	
	First, save you assembly as a name so that you can work with it without messing up your actual design.
	
	Next, to make sure your assembly is as simple as possible save all the parts in your assembly that do not move as a single part.
	To do this, select all the parts and subassemblies that don't move in the Feature Manager and rightclick. Select the 'Form new subassembly here'
	option to group all the parts into a single subassembly. Now, open the subassembly that you just made. Select 'Save As' then select as a part 
	instead of the default setting of as an assembly. Go back to your main assembly and select the subassembly that you made in the Feature Manager.
	Rightclick and select the option 'Replace Components'. Replace the subassembly with the single part that you recently saved.
	
	Lastly, repeat the above step for any parts moving together.
	
Step 2: Convert the Solidworks assembly file to STL files

	With your main assemly file opn, select Save As. Instead of saving as an assembly, select the .stl option. This will save each indiviual PART as
	its own file in the directory you choose. 
	
Step 3: Convert the STL files to OSG files

	Drag and drop the STL files to the converter and it will convert them and put them in their original directory along with the STL files.
	
	Your model will now load in METaL with no more work. However, your model will not operate, no moving linkages, spinning wheels, etc.

Step 4: 

	To add kinematics to your model you will need to write/edit a previously made VRJuggLua Script. The parts are automatically loaded into the 
	enviroment offset from the origin such that the model is assembled at the start. This means that each part's local origin is at the global origin.
	If you rotate your part it will rotate about its local origin on any axis of your choice. To make a part rotate about an axis other than its origin
	you must shift it as you rotate it.